
* License_en.txt

GPSPACE software - Terms and Conditions of Use

Unless otherwise noted, computer program source code of the GPSPACE
software is covered under Crown Copyright, Government of Canada, and is
distributed under the MIT License.

The Canada wordmark and related graphics associated with this distribution
are protected under trademark law and copyright law. No permission is
granted to use them outside the parameters of the Government of Canada's
corporate identity program. For more information, see
http://www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/fip-pcim/index-eng.asp

Copyright title to all 3rd party software distributed with the GPSPACE is
held by the respective copyright holders as noted in those files. Users
are asked to read the 3rd Party Licenses referenced with those assets.

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Government of Canada

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

* Licence_fr.txt

Logiciel GPSPACE - Conditions régissant l'utilisation

Sauf indication contraire, le code source du logiciel GPSPACE est protégé
par le droit d'auteur de la Couronne du gouvernement du Canada et
distribué sous la licence MIT.

Le mot-symbole "Canada" et les éléments graphiques connexes liés à cette 
distribution sont protégés en vertu des lois portant sur les marques de
commerce et le droit d'auteur.

Aucune autorisation n'est accordée pour leur utilisation à l'extérieur des
paramètres du programme de coordination de l'image de marque du
gouvernement du Canada. Pour obtenir davantage de renseignements à ce
sujet, veuillez consulter
http://www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/fip-pcim/index-fra.asp

La propriété du droit d'auteur de tout logiciel tiers distribué avec le
Logiciel GPSPACE est conservée par les détenteurs du droit d'auteur
mentionnés dans ces fichiers. Nous demandons aux utilisateurs de lire les
licences des tiers indiqués à titre de référence dans ces logiciels.

Licence MIT

Droit d'auteur (c) Gouvernement du Canada, 2018

La présente autorise toute personne d'obtenir gratuitement une copie du
présent logiciel et des documents connexes (le "logiciel"), de traiter
le logiciel sans restriction, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les droits
d'utiliser, de copier, de modifier, de fusionner, de publier, de
distribuer, d'accorder une sous licence et de vendre des copies dudit
logiciel, et de permettre aux personnes auxquelles le logiciel est fourni
de le faire, selon les conditions suivantes :

L'avis de droit d'auteur ci-dessus et le présent avis de permission seront
inclus dans toutes les copies et les sections importantes du logiciel.

LE LOGICIEL EST FOURNI "TEL QUEL", SANS AUCUNE GARANTIE, EXPRESSE OU
IMPLICITE, Y COMPRIS, MAIS SANS S'Y LIMITER, LA GARANTIE DE QUALITÉ
MARCHANDE, L'ADAPTATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER ET L'ABSENCE DE
CONTREFAÇON. EN AUCUN CAS LES AUTEURS OU LES DÉTENTEURS DU DROIT D'AUTEUR
NE SERONT TENUS RESPONSABLES DE TOUTE DEMANDE, DOMMAGE OU BRIS DE CONTRAT,
DÉLIT CIVIL OU TOUT AUTRE MANQUEMENT LIÉ AU LOGICIEL, À SON UTILISATION OU
À D'AUTRES ÉCHANGES LIÉS AU LOGICIEL.

